This is a hybrid cover letter as I will be applying for two positions
at Mozilla, Web Dev and SDK Engineer.

WebDev: http://careers.mozilla.org/en-US/position/of74Vfw5
SDK Engineer: http://careers.mozilla.org/en-US/position/o8pdWfwq

Greetings Hiring Manager!

I am a Portland, Oregon based software developer with a strong
background in web development, mostly using Django. Also, in my free
time I like mixing technologies and playing with some newer things
like Node.js and Clojure. I am applying for these positions for a
number of reasons, the primary two being:

  * Open source is near and dear to me and the opportunity to write
    open source software all day every day is in line with my core
    values.

  * Having a wide range of projects to work on is not only fun, but
    keeps me motivated. I am looking forward to diving into the many
    existing, and future projects that Mozilla has to offer.

For the last 3 years I've been writing web applications in Python
using Django, which included developing large sites that required
considerable caching and offloading using job queues. Also I help
support and maintain Read the Docs, a project Mozilla sponsors to my
delight, by helping users getting their docs building as well as
patches to the code base.

I have used JavaScript as a side effect of being a web developer for
the last 5-6 years. About 8 months ago when I started using Node.js is
when I really gained a passion for this language. Using it in a more
pure form (without the DOM) I learned how elegant it can be. Since
then I've spent a great deal of time playing with Node.js as well as
newer web JavaScript technologies.

My passion for great, open source, well documented code, as well as my
passion to keep learning and advancing myself as a developer are some
of the main reasons I feel I would be a great fit at Mozilla.

For a more complete profile of the projects I work on, jobs I've had,
and other details please see my resume. I have two versions a more
concise traditional one and a web based one hosted on Read the Docs

Traditional: https://github.com/wraithan/resume/raw/master/scannable_resume.pdf
Web Based: http://wraithan.readthedocs.org/
