====
Gigs
====

Aquameta
########
Senior Software Developer
*************************

This was my most recent job, I loved this company and learned a great
deal while I was working there. It is where I cut my teeth on Django
apps that needed more than just some more hardware thrown at them to
scale.

I was heavily involved with architecture choices, from things like
what libraries should we use, to how to organize our models, to
choices in what supporting software we were going to use such as Nginx
vs Apache. I also, along with one of my co-workers, helped foster a
healthy appreciation of testing in the company.

Parthenon Software
##################
Software Developer
******************

This was a PHP shop I worked at. Here I gained experience in gathering
requirements from a client and organizing and implementing those
requirements. I fixed up a unit test suite that had fallen out of use
due to rapidly changing requirements. I then spent some time working
adding payment gateways and working with external APIs.

Retail Imaging
##############
Tech Support
************

At this job I was a phone tech support person. I started out working
with end users of a photo website, troubleshooting common problems
with java applet that was used for uploading content. From there I
moved over into doing tech support on large photo printers in various
1 hour photo shops around the country.

When I had down time I'd use a Windows scripting setup called
AutoHotKey to help make the job easier especially in cases where the
same or derivable information was placed in multiple places in the
ticket reporting app. I wrote a library for interacting with the
ticket software, as there were a few people who wrote scripts but they
were so different that it was hard to consolidate features before the
library existed.

Critical Path Software
######################
QA Tester
*********

Here I worked in the QA department testing software and hardware. The
primary project I was hired for were 2 lines of computers that a
company was going to release and they wanted some independant stress
testing done in a wide range of activities. Online gaming, word
processing, downloading content, watching HD video both streaming and
off a BluRay.

Once that project was complete I was put on testing a Skype phone that
was getting a port of its software for OSX. I wrote tools to generate
data for the software to import. The data was randomly generated and
caught several edge cases in the data import process.

My favorite thing I took away from this was learning how to formally
test sofware, write good bug reports, and work in a important related
field to where my passion lies.


Transim Technology
##################
Intern Software Developer
*************************

This was my first foyer into the world of software development at a
company. The stack was a large java back end with a PHP layer on top
with liberal use of Perl as glue. I was tasked with writing
documentation for various parts of the system, improving upon perl
scripts by cleaning up the code, adding GUIs so less technical people
could take over some of the processes, and adding features to the PHP
front end.

I had a great time at this job and this, on top of my passion I
already had, really sealed the deal as far as my desire to pursue
software development as my career.
