======
Skills
======

This is a subset of my skills that I feel most comfortable with. I've
played with writing things ranging from graphics engines, to decoding
game save file formats, to window managers, to IRC bots, to web sites.

######
Python
######

This has come to be my native tongue, from the largest of applications
down to needing a REPL to do some calculations Python is what I reach
for.

I've spent the last 5 years programming in Python, 3 of that was
professional. Most of my experience with Python is centered around
writing Django applications.

######
Django
######

If I am going to write a web app, and probably going to start with
`django-admin.py startproject <project name>`. I've been using it for
years now on projects both large and small. The community encourages
writing resuable code and sharing it which agrees strongly with how I
feel about writing software.

######
Celery
######

Celery makes scaling Django sites much easier. When I start getting to
complex logic that takes more than a couple miliseconds or relies on
an external service, it is time to start using celery. Most of my
experience with celery is using Redis as the queue backend.

######
Fabric
######

I've help run a spring at a PSF sponsored sprint in Portland. I
commonly participate in the IRC room on freenode helping people use
this library. It has become a tool in my bag that I reach to whenever
I need to do anything that requires more than a few steps on the
commandline or would be well served by having access to my project
settings.

#####
Redis
#####

I've used Redis as a caching backend for Django, a session backend for
Django, a queue backend for Celery, and for its pub/sub features in my
IRC bot. I really enjoy using it and so far it has stood up to
everything I've thrown at it so far. I look forward to working with
this and following the progression of this project in the years to
come.

##########
PostgreSQL
##########

This is my preferred relational database. It scales pretty well, it is
open source, and I've come to rely on it anytime I need a database. I
know the basics of tuning it, though I am by no means an expert. I've
used a few tools related to it such as pgfouine, pgbouncer, and
bucardo and am comfortable with them.

####
Node
####

Node is a recent addition to my bag of tricks. I've been using it for
a socket server via socket.io as well as for my IRC bot. It has made
JavaScript an enjoyable experience for me. Previously, when I've used
JavaScript I also had to work with the DOM, which as a backend
developer wasn't a desire of mine.
